 getalignchar - converts an alignment character to an output ASCII
                character for diagnostic printing.
 process_alpha_text - takes an integer list of character classes and
                      recursively processes them into words provided in
                      a phrase dictionary by generating fan-outs of
                      hypothesized words.
 process_fanout - takes a fan-out of hypothesized words and recursively
                  processes it into words provided in a phrase dic-
                  tionary using classes stored in an integer list.
 build_fanout - fills in a fan-out structure with hypothesized words
                from the provided integer list of classes and matches
                them to the phrase dictionary.
 spell_fanout_word- mathes a hypothesized word in a fanout structure
                    to the provided phrase dictionary storing the
                    resulting match and fanout signal.
 fanout_signal - given a hypothesized word match, its alignment, and
                 the parameters for a linear translation function,
                 computes a fanout signal.
 ldv - computes the Levenstein Distance between two strings and returns
       their corresponding alignment.
 lookup_levenstein - given a word string, mfs structure of words or
                     phrases, determines which mfs entry is the best
                     match to the word using the Lenenstein Distance.
 init_align_params - initializes the global parameter structure
                     controlling the Levenstein Distance algorithm.
 end_lookup_levenstein - deallocates the global parameter structure.

 spell_line2 - takes an integer list of character classes and corrects
               segmentor and classifier errors and identifies word
               boundaries using the given phrase dictionary.
 first_0 - locates the position (left-to-right) of the first
           occurance of a 0 in the alignment string.
 last_0 - locates the position (right-to-left) of the first
          occurance of a 0 in the alignment string.
 syncline - synchronizes processing of the list of character
            classifications upon incurring a dictionary match.
 load_phrase_dictionary - loads the contents of the given filename into
                          a phrase dictionary (mfs structure).
 reverse_ivec - reverses a vector of integers in place.

 store_phrase_dictionary - writes the contents of the given phrase
                           dictionary (mfs structure) to the specified
                           filename.
 choosemaxpseudoword - determines the best match given a list of
                       hypthesized words in a fan-out.
 dumppseudowords2 - generates another formated report of a fan-out to
                    the specified file pointer.
 growword2 - takes a character string and appends a new character
             stored in a list of integers classes to the end of the
             string provided there is sufficient memory.
